---
layout: page
title: PRIVACY POLICY
#subtitle: Why you'd want to go on a date with me
---

PRIVACY POLICY
The details on this page pertain to Samputa(hereinafter App/Website). This App/Site is committed to protecting your online privacy. You can visit this site without revealing any personal information. However, you may be required to provide your name, mobile phone number and an e-mail address. We do not share your name, mobile phone number and e-mail address.

By using or interacting with the Service/Website/App, you are entering into a binding contract with us and consenting to the use of your information as explained in this Privacy Policy.

The Website/App is owned by HealthPray Tech Solutions Private Limited (hereinafter “HealthPray”), a private limited company, incorporated under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 having their registered office at Lakeview Golden Nest, Lakshmi Sagara, Near Chandapura Circle, Attibele Hobli, Anekal TK, Bangalore – 5660081, Karnataka, India. HealthPray aims at working in a selective network populated with information regarding healthcare providers (like doctors, hospitals/clinics, diagnostic centres, paramedical staffs etc.). HealthPray has their own process to handle health care request from people.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you should contact our Customer Support Desk at hello@healthpray.com.
NOTIFICATION OF MODIFICATIONS AND CHANGES TO THE T&C AND PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy from time to time as seen fit, without any intimation to you, and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any amendment to these terms.
You are therefore advised to re-read the Terms of Service on a regular basis. Should it be that you do not accept any of the modifications or amendments to the Terms, you may terminate your use of this website immediately.
OVERVIEW
We commit to respecting your online privacy data. We further recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you share with us. Information that is considered personal about you by us includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, email address or other contact information.
In order to use this website, you are required to register yourself by providing the following information which includes, but is not limited to:
Name;
Age;
User name;
Password;
Mobile Number;
One time Password (OTP) sent to your Mobile Number;
Post registration the Website requires in-depth details which include but is not limited to:
 Basic details like date of birth/age and gender;
General health details of the User;
Family health history;
Other detailed health details on mental health, mood, sleep etc;
Person’s lifestyle and habits.
Such information is collected in order to understand the requirements of the User.
4. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our site's online requisition form requires users to give us contact information as listed above. As a member you are required to provide a valid email address at registration and choose a username or alias that represents your identity on our website.
In furtherance to this we also collect device specific information including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application without your intervention.
Further we access your caller app on your device, GPS location, push notifications, user storage, camera/gallery, making phone calls and any such app that we may need to access in order to provide the services to you.
We however do not collect precise information regarding the location of your mobile device.
Certain information, such as your name, e-mail addresses, is collected in order to, among other things, verify your identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. Email addresses, Geo-locations, Intellectual Property, listings viewed, any information entered in the contact us form or any other form displayed on any section of the website are also collected.
5. COOKIES
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our Websites. "Cookies" are files sited on your hard drive containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We use Cookies to identify individual user buying pattern, overall demographics buying patter in order to help us to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. Cookies can also help us provide information, which is targeted to your interests.
6. EXTERNAL LINKS ON WEBSITE
The Website may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content or resources. We have no control over any websites or resources, which are provided by companies or persons other than us.
You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and do not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such websites or resources.
You acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such websites or resources. These third-party service providers and Third-Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party Site, you review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website.
7. OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your contact information is also used to contact you when necessary. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Finally, we may use your IP address to help protect our partners and ourselves from fraud. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. We will transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, we will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the site before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may release your personal information to a third-party in order comply with a Court Order or other similar legal procedure, or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law; prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations of Our Terms of Use. We may disclose personally identifiable information to parties in compliance with our Copyright Policy as mentioned in the Terms of Use as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. In such events, we may disclose name, address, country, phone number, email address and company name.
8. CONFIDENTIALITY
You further acknowledge that the Website may contain information which is designated confidential by us and that you shall not disclose such information without our prior written consent.
Your information is regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, unless if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by us will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
9. OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting and foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government, law enforcement agencies or third parties. Under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or members may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our Websites. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications would always remain private.
As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed.
External Service Providers: There may be a number of services offered by external service providers that help you use our Websites. If you choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their private policy.
Other Corporate Entities: We share much of our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with our parent and/or subsidiaries that are committed to serving your online needs and related services, throughout the world. Such data will be shared for the sole purpose of enhancing your browsing experience. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other members. It is possible that We and/or its subsidiaries, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service. You will receive notice of such event (to the extent it occurs).
Law and Order: We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement and other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability.
10. DATA RETENTION POLICY, MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain User Provided Data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at hello@healthpray.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
11. ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PROFILE
Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted except your display name, during registration. If you change any information we may keep track of your old information. You can change your registration information such as: name, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, and profile.
To remove your profile so that others cannot view it, contact our customer support team at hello@healthpray.com.
We will retain in our files information you have requested to remove for certain circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our terms and conditions. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored 'back up' systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.
12. CONTROL OF YOUR PASSWORD
When you sign up to become a Member, you will also be asked to choose a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. It is important that you protect it against unauthorized access of your account and information by choosing your password carefully, and keeping your password and computer secure by signing out after using our services
You agree not to use the account, username, email address or password of another Member at any time or to disclose your password to any third party. If you choose to share this information with third parties to provide you additional services, you are responsible for all actions taken with your login information and password and therefore should review each third party's privacy policy. You are responsible for all actions taken with your login information and password, including fees. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect any consistent unauthorized use of your account or access to your password even after changing it.
13. OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTORS
We may allow others to provide us with analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and other usage information. This information may be used by HealthPray to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand your usage of the Services.
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are on our Websites or on other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Since we do not control the privacy policies of the third parties, you are subject to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
14. SECURITY
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by members inside and outside the Company. We do not recommend transfer of sensitive information and bank account details via the Site. Users are recommended to do so offline, on the phone or via personal emails. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. You therefore agree that any security breaches beyond the control of our standard security procedures are at your sole risk and discretion.
15. DISCLAIMER
We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information (including sensitive information bank account number) will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain private. As a user of the Site, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Site, the internet generally, and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Site.
16. YOUR CONSENT
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Website/App, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at buysamputa@gmail.com.
